README.md, before:

# Actions on Google: Codelab level 1

### Prerequisites
1. Node.js and NPM
    + We recommend installing using [nvm for Linux/Mac](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) and [nvm-windows for Windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)
1. Install the [Firebase CLI](https://developers.google.com/assistant/conversational/deploy-fulfillment)
    + We recommend using MAJOR version `8`, `npm install -g firebase-tools@^8.0.0`
    + Run `firebase login` with your Google account

### Setup
#### Actions Console
1. From the [Actions on Google Console](https://console.actions.google.com/), **New project** > **Create project** > under **What kind of Action do you want to build?** > **Custom** > **Blank project**

#### Actions CLI
1. Install the [Actions CLI](https://developers.google.com/assistant/actionssdk/gactions)
1. Once Actions CLI is installed, add the path of gactions into the `.bashrc` file to access gactions  from any file directory.
`export PATH="$PATH:<path_to_gactions>"` From more information refer to this answer [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/45040330/5539913) 
1. Navigate to `sdk/settings/settings.yaml`, and replace `<PROJECT_ID>` with your project ID
1. Navigate to the `sdk/` directory by running `cd sdk` from the root directory of this project.
1. Run `gactions login` to login to your account.
1. Run `gactions push` to push your project.
1. Run `gactions deploy preview` to deploy the project.

### Running this Sample
+ You can test your Action on any Google Assistant-enabled device on which the Assistant is signed into the same account used to create this project. Just say or type, "OK Google, talk to my test app".
+ You can also use the Actions on Google Console simulator to test most features and preview on-device behavior.

## References & Issues
+ Questions? Go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/actions-on-google), [Assistant Developer Community on Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GoogleAssistantDev/).
+ For bugs, please report an issue on Github.
+ Actions on Google [Documentation](https://developers.google.com/assistant)
+ Actions on Google [Codelabs](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/?cat=Assistant)

## Contributing
Please read and follow the steps in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Commit message:

add info about gactions init

README.md, after:

# Actions on Google: Codelab level 1

### Prerequisites
1. Node.js and NPM
    + We recommend installing using [nvm for Linux/Mac](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) and [nvm-windows for Windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)
1. Install the [Firebase CLI](https://developers.google.com/assistant/conversational/deploy-fulfillment)
    + We recommend using MAJOR version `8`, `npm install -g firebase-tools@^8.0.0`
    + Run `firebase login` with your Google account

### Setup
#### Actions Console
1. From the [Actions on Google Console](https://console.actions.google.com/), **New project** > **Create project** > under **What kind of Action do you want to build?** > **Custom** > **Blank project**

#### Actions CLI
1. Install the [Actions CLI](https://developers.google.com/assistant/actionssdk/gactions)
1. Once Actions CLI is installed, add the path of gactions into the `.bashrc` file to access gactions  from any file directory.
`export PATH="$PATH:<path_to_gactions>"` From more information refer to this answer [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/45040330/5539913)
1. Navigate to `your_project_directory` and run `gactions init <PROJECT_NAME>` 
1. Navigate to `sdk/settings/settings.yaml`, and replace `<PROJECT_ID>` with your project ID
1. Navigate to the `sdk/` directory by running `cd sdk` from the root directory of this project.
1. Run `gactions login` to login to your account.
1. Run `gactions push` to push your project.
1. Run `gactions deploy preview` to deploy the project.

### Running this Sample
+ You can test your Action on any Google Assistant-enabled device on which the Assistant is signed into the same account used to create this project. Just say or type, "OK Google, talk to my test app".
+ You can also use the Actions on Google Console simulator to test most features and preview on-device behavior.

## References & Issues
+ Questions? Go to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/actions-on-google), [Assistant Developer Community on Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GoogleAssistantDev/).
+ For bugs, please report an issue on Github.
+ Actions on Google [Documentation](https://developers.google.com/assistant)
+ Actions on Google [Codelabs](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/?cat=Assistant)

## Contributing
Please read and follow the steps in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License
See [LICENSE](LICENSE).
